no one will listen you know that there
was only one way to stop him we have to
kill him what's up everybody welcome
back Greg and Ryan here for another
breakdown of American Horror Story cult
but before we break down episode 6 of
American Horror Story cult be sure to
subscribe because we break down episodes
of Star Trek Discovery the flash and mr.
robot as always guys thank you so much
for your support this episode is titled
Midwestern assassin so be careful there
are spoilers ahead alright let's jump in
let's do it now depending upon where you
watch the episode either on TV on demand
or streaming through effects the opening
was actually recut due to the recent
tragedy in Las Vegas the re-edited
opening was 45 seconds shorter and
avoided showing anyone actually getting
shot on camera everyone else watched a
version that showed at least three
people getting shot on screen alright
Greg so you and I watched both versions
of this episode and we both thought it
was a good idea for the producers to
change this opening yeah it was out of
respect for the families and friends
involved in this it was a good idea from
the switch it this week yeah a little
too traumatic of an opening sequence for
viewers to see especially right after
that horrific tragedy in Las Vegas so
good job producers Ryan Murphy good job
let's jump in the deficit yeah okay so
let's jump into the episode a little
deeper and let's look at the first thing
number one would have to be meadow and
KY the relationship yeah we learned a
lot more on the backs right between
these two we learned how much KY has
used her the relationship that she
thought she was in she thought she was
in love but guys we know Chi can
manipulate basically anyone she was
making the masks at least the designs
for the masks and she helps KY pull off
one of his greatest stunts or plans in
the entire season but to me
you're everything you're the only one
who sees me yeah so last week I said
there may be a long con here with meadow
and Ally just because the way that scene
was set up yeah and we got it for
halfway through it I thought maybe no
maybe this she is actually on her side
at some point but nope they detoured
that pretty quickly and yeah it was a
long con with Kai the whole time just
for an assassination attempt yeah you
were totally right that she was in on it
the whole time that she let out a
pretend think that she was you know on
her side but uh Kai had bigger plans I
know I've asked a lot but a larva bee
has to shed its skin to become the queen
it can be painful but the dark must
prevail to bring forth the light okay so
on the flip side of that he says that
line to everybody we find out later on
it's [ __ ] yeah so meadow thinks that
she's in love thinks that he loves her
but you know these people don't mean
anything to him they are just tools in
his endgame trying to you know cause
mass hysteria and he's very good at
manipulating those around him in order
to take advantage of their weakness cult
leader
you used the word cult you said my wife
was involved she is next up we find out
that ivy was not in the cult when she
and winter tied up Gary Longstreet yeah
we were unsure about this we didn't know
if she was already on Kai's side but we
find out that she was then the day after
introduced to Kai she was actually
freaking out that she was gonna go to
jail that Gary would go to the cops but
winter ensures her that everything will
be okay that her brother can take care
of anything mari can yeah it just still
ivy she's such ridiculous it was about
Jill Stein not only Jill Stein but about
Ali's you know carrying the baby going
through the pregnancy and kind of IV
feeling as an outsider in her own home
you would think if you're unhappy and in
a relationship you would just ask for a
divorce and you know go your separate
ways
clearly Ivey just wants to join a cult
and drive her ex-wife soon-to-be ex-wife
into hysteria
alright so gary cuts his arm off that's
the first red flag yeah second one you
get the satanic murder of Bob at this
point if you're ivy and you're in that
mask you're thinking to yourself you
know maybe I should just got a divorce
lawyer or something at this point now
she's trapped she's stuck
yeah I mean she could have just got a
lawyer maybe even some like couples
therapy before this but join the cult
that's like way on the list that any
normal human being should should be
thinking of and on that same note with
Kai he treats everyone like [ __ ] and I
mean everyone so his sister - she's a
tool in this whole thing
yeah he's offering up his sister winter
to Ivy to make her happy to met
basically to appease her to join the
cult no one no one matters to this guy
he's playing a game in his own head
right now with every character yeah and
then we learned also that basically the
entire whatever the everything that's
gone down in Ali's life is just to make
her insane and so that no court would
ever give her full custody of Ozzy and
that ivy would have him and basically
that's that's her admission into the in
the cult you know he can he can give
that to her well I want just to have to
make sure no court ever grants her
custody
next up we were introduced to a new
character Sally Kevlar she didn't last
long no yeah you knew right after that
appearance in the courthouse that when
she challenged him in front of everybody
you knew that was not gonna end well for
her know people like mr. Anderson and
Trump are not the garbage they are the
Flies that the garbage has drawn she
spoke the truth so obviously she wasn't
gonna last long so Ally gets a friend
finally for only two minutes into the
episode she explains everything to Sally
what's going on I'm just shaking my head
at home going up here we go she's
telling her every line yeah who's in
Nicole what's going on and then when she
believes her I'm like okay well the
horse in 101 she's a goner and quickly
everything changed on her yeah the
entire clown crew shows up
and they basically want to make it look
like a suicide and one of the big
takeaways from this whole sequence was
the fact that Ali noticed that Ivey was
behind one of those masks by the way
that mask was pretty dope the one that
was back in time what the hell yeah
that's awesome
um and that not only that that IV let
her live that didn't didn't give away
her her location to any of their clowns
because I have a feeling that if Kai saw
her over there
something bad would have happened it
would have been over yeah they don't
need her at this point anymore she he
knows it's only a tool for ivy to keep
her going with him exactly I mean he's
already brought up the idea to ivy of
murdering her and they could probably do
it and make it look like it was an
accident and never get caught so Ivy you
know she might redeem herself she may be
Ali's only saving grace at the end here
guys time for Greg's favorite part of
this segment
it's clown counter but this might be the
last week if they don't introduce any
more new clowns then you know we're
gonna stop this because I don't want to
scare you off too much seven clowns
seven clowns all showed up at Sally's
and the murderer
also quick sidenote on these clowns when
Allie sneaks by detective Samuels and
Harrison screwing yep to go get meadow
that brings us back to the first episode
so that means these two are bees too
and there it is folks boo
now this show is packed with a ton of
great lines but what was your favorite
from episode 6 oh it's gotta be from one
of my personal favorite characters in
the show
meadow Oh cappuccino did you just be
quiet please
looks like that's gonna be the last one
we get from her unless there's some
flashbacks which I'm not hey I don't
doubt there may be some more scenes with
Meadow in the future with flashbacks
we'll see ya speaking of cappuccino how
good is a coffee at this restaurant
didn't Sally also say something about
the coffee she think they did they I
want to go check out this coffee shop
that not the coffee they have there this
restaurant my favorite line was actually
in exchange between Sally and Chi right
before he killed her already getting
some likes no one's gonna believe any of
that mmm of course they will it's on
Facebook No so I'm telling you the Nazis
did go to the moon all right Facebook
tells us right here my god I had no idea
yes time now to discuss who won the
episode I think this is a no-brainer
it's Chi oh yeah the man planned his own
assassination attempt and it succeeded
yeah you can't top that and he got rid
of all this competition in the political
race he is just flexing his power
amongst all his followers yep he's still
driving the public into mass hysteria
and fear who can stop Chi nobody and
they everything was recorded on camera
but remember it was Beverly's camera
that was recording so even that alley
has no one to go to for help right now
not a single person she's okay so we
have one last question and it's on dr.
Benson I'm convinced he's in the cult
yep somehow he's still controlling
things but that scene with meadow where
he tells ally that meadow just left
after the phone call she got from Kai do
you believe him I think that he was that
was all made up and that he was just
telling that to Ally
and that what we saw between meadow and
dr. Vincent didn't really happen that
way
that was just for the audience to get
this fake facade that he's on alleys
side you can keeping that in reality he
knows exactly Kai's plan they're too
close for him not to know he gave her
the last push yes to finish her goalie
yeah so if Kai is kai is kind of setting
everything up as best he can and why not
have his therapist older brother kind of
do a little bit more of the last-minute
pushing in order to you know pull the
trigger okay okay I can see this I can
see this any other questions that you
have but at the end of this
how far can this Colt go honestly at
this point before anyone catches on to
what's going on right now
yeah with Kai I mean it's so obvious at
this point everyone Sally is now dead
the newscasters are getting off to one
by one anyone crosses Kai is gone
there's way too many bodies piling up
around Kai and around the people that
Kai hangs with I mean it doesn't take a
rocket scientist to figure out you know
make the connection between some of
these deaths so yeah I agree with you I
mean how how long will this go before
someone comes in and can prove what's
going on or will Ali have to prove it
okay one last thing what pills are Chi
popping early on the episode we've seen
that a few times in this lesson I have
no clue guys if you guys know let us
know in the comments below let us know
what you guys thought of the episode
when theories you might have for the
rest of the season
we'll be back of course next week with
episode 7 and hopefully no more clowns
right please no more clowns see you guys
bye bye we need fresh blood
you need to trust me men always push the
women aside can you count on you
I know what it means to assassinate a
man brought to you by the evil within to
the evil within - available October 13th